So if people are meeting standards, I think they're a couple of ways more
than a couple of ways to deal with it first, you can try motivate
him. This can work. And I think a lot of times it does work. Um, but
not always. You have to. And in order to help someone that is not
maintaining standards, you have to understand why they're not maintaining
standards. Uh, that can. That may help you come up with a good
strategy toe, help them get back up to where they should be. Now,
if if someone is consistently failing to meet standards, there comes
a point that they may not be cut out for what they're doing, and that's
OK. It doesn't necessarily feel okay. It feels like you. Sometimes
I feel like you might be giving up on someone. But in the long run,
that person is responsible for how they handle themselves. You can't
force them to do it. You can facilitate an environment that helps
them do it, and you really should do all you can to help them. That's
the expectation in the military, but in the in the long run, it's
their responsibility to maintain the stage that they won't do it.
Then they're gonna need to find another line of work